Use post type support for enabling feature (#2)
wearerequired/post-header-image: README.md

WordPress plugin for adding a custom header image to posts. Only supports the block editor. There is no support for the classic editor.

> To enable post-type support: `add_post_type_support( 'page', 'post-header-image' );`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, custom header images is only enabled for posts. To add support to other post types use the the 'add_post_type_support()` function. Example for pages:

	add_post_type_support( 'page', 'post-header-image' );
```

> To enable add post type support: `add_post_type_support( 'post', 'post-header-image' );`

Reviewer: I think post should remain as default, similar to https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/blob/792b26b5539d07cc35fdd93567942f2ad481eef2/modules/publicize/publicize.php#L787-L794
